I think you have to go stor boys all the
time storb skill better because they
help protect against a
beamer or the vindicare Assassin that's
quite common they' got power melee so
they're good against the grey
Knights and truck Busters seem like
better AV than
than the looter rather hilariously I
think the problem with the looter is
interceptors are just so [__] strong
man and they'll jump on
him the good thing compared to fighting
ASM from Space Marines is the
interceptors whilst they've got that
crazy Retreat potential and the extra
damage they don't have melter bombs like
the ASM so they're quite helpless
against the
truck so if they've got other a yeah you
do you do pretty well
actually so I'm I'm feeling okay about
that we have to go this pain booy is
good he's obviously amazing at those
melee braws but they drain your damn
energy and then you can't use your heal
it's very annoying angry bits seemed
very strong come
on need to blob quite a
lot take
down guessing the strike Squad are over
here and he's baiting me to them I to do
it oh
no oh he's gone triple
nice go this way I'll get
it just me okay so how do we deal with
triple IST we need more gens right SP
now boss
bu the burst damage is incredible from
these guys absolutely incredible not
loading which way yeah you need to get
some some lovely uh I think this is
important lovely bolters big Shooters
I'm scared of the Demon Hunter Bolter
right now they're out cover get
them okay they got
s so spooky when they
get oh come
on only a couple of the idiots were even
doing
[Applause]
anything all
right decision they used their
incendiary
grenade sorry the impact grenade they
have an incendiary
grenade char
all right
whatever problem is he's quite good in
melee this
[__] look at
this there too much damage in melee man
it's annoying on me
way I'll get you no point sending the
war BS in alone he needs back up I
shouldn't have committed those Sluggers
I should have kept them running around
here and they could have kept running up
and stopping the Decap and stuff like
that Sluggers now stopping me from
getting this
great hopefully I can catch him before
he finishes
capping yeah
get it I'll get it come on here
G I'll get
it can't we have a
truck so
annoying the boys need themselves
not what a pain in the ass
H look at that
damage good
grief
Bonkers captur your victory
all of
you get out of
there nope don't want that fight see
youth only way to get it
here comes a gun so this is this is
going all
right now
boss ready boss let's go
get let's get the boss
pole so we're not
bleeding
constantly NOP get away
our Target scared of the [__] IST
man fine we'll just take this fight
we didn't get the bash that I wanted but
what can we
do got always get what you want I'm
afraid oh God look at that
yeah right back out of there what a pain
get 300 points left go
ahead
me oh went with
fortitude interesting
now it's a bad fight
[Applause]
Brothers what are they
doing they did not
Retreat oh God that [__]
hit flying in
the
war
enemies God like you are constantly in
need of healing man it's crazy
us constantly
healing these guys have been in base for
ages
healing but so far so good double
shooter seems to be
effective I don't know why I feel like I
have no power I guess cuz I have no
contested
points maybe I don't know you know the
thing we ain't got enough power for to
do
that it's not clear to me shoot this
ready boss shoot ready what's going on
here oh my boss needs a bit more
healing just charge him for
boys
Glory
Glory not caught this that's odd to be
honest got some new units ready
just
Retreat can't cap this side point at all
man
Tangled
not coming at
usy for all
and here we
go one boys back
again need
themselves God's sake
man loing up Victory
Point Sho ready give them
boss so he doesn't have skill a so
that's the
thing and he also went for fortitude
this
way get
away stop bling
man what are you
doing away be shoot this ready
BOS of
course that's our Target
walk taking fire here I boss on me way
reloading ready which way I'll get it
way go ahead
boss never any [__] energy man
moreing
way
for roll over stop from
the ready
I more Tru over there
right run
Qui drive it this
way always need themselves and they
do oh we got
it it's right
here smash that
sh oh I wasn't cing the other point
[__] hell
ah we rolling now
boss come on you
Gat not even trying to kill that
interesting
nice stacker now we
it out you ow me a is that
it those boys all dead
now
L coming at
us that's another one
all
right that makes him shoot the truck and
not the stor boy so that's quite
effective just going to make sure I'm
not showing my
armor always waiting for heals on the
wall you know the thing what what the
other guys got 100
points let's go
Geto
[Music]
a okay let's go over this way got an
abundance of power we need to get to
tier three
now do with getting a proper
weapon
though come on you
you need to kill you need to kill kill
him for
show me
whates
your y razor backman is a serious
problem for the
faction way
hurry
boy the bleed dude
got
it yeah interesting I mean you bleed
like so bad
but m
yeah I mean it seems Seems all right
seems all
right uh I don't think Amor of fortitude
and his Demon Hunter was worth it I
wasn't really trading with him in ranged
anyway I was mostly avoiding him and
when I did fight him I had melee to deal
with him so the extra HP regen from the
armor fortitude wasn't really helping
that much so that was definitely a waste
I think if he had the rights of exorcism
he would have done a lot
better so that's probably something to
consider
all right we're going to do some against
Eldar so I've already faced inura a lot
I find this a hard
matchup not as hard as Space
Marines probably on par with Oro
melas I think so not sure it's really
tricky double shurikens is a pain in the
backside it really is we'll see how we
can handle
it garrisons are also a pain on this map
I only have my burner Sluggers for anti-
Garrison not ideal obviously if we catch
the Eldar out in the open we can do some
good damage with our
Shooters the Eldar vehicles in tier two
are a pain in particular the r FL when
it gets that shoulder mounted shuriken
it can brutalize us at range and it's
also obviously really good at
slaughtering Us in melee too so pretty
bad we got a Fier to contend with so
that's some guided Guardians with extra
range there
hurting hurting a
lot oh we have committed there little
bit of lag we want to Jen want to rotate
over can we get a model wow look how
tanky these Guardians are man what the
[__] is that all
about brilliant it's too fast for me is
De
she's too fast for
me c hit [__] if she gets a special
instantly I'm going to be
sad
sad be careful she's getting
precariously close to Sluggers there
yeah so send the war boss and the
Sluggers to defend against the Banshees
unfortunately you do need two squads to
deal with banshees and then we get stor
boys to deal with the inevit inevitable
shuriken so he is one Squad fewer than
me right now and he is doing quite well
I don't know if he's caught all of these
points I would hope not let's get into
melee we got the melee charge okay
stomp didn't do a lot of damage we kill
anything gosh man come on you g wonder
where the shuriken will be he should
have a shuriken
yeah yeah
unfortunately he is in range of me
there with his little
sh but I can grab him there and that's
all
right get some melon
oh they rotate too
soon oh [__] man every
time Glory every [__]
time always losing my [__] War
Boss God damn it that's not
good you got it was going all right
until then and you see the problem is I
lose the sideline fights with these
stupid oh no can't even get the
C no it's not happening got to retreat
oh that's so bad that's not
good banshees will beat me on the
sidelines yeah like I should have jens's
up but it just doesn't happen yeah man
why did I commit to that fight I didn't
need
to shouldn't
have but I did so we got to get back
here okay they did Retreat
there oh nice oh he's
open oh what's he doing treats
everything
it's
unusual might get a a
gen kind of pushing it let's
see we won't over say our welcome coming
out with everything real soon b
threee y get
out the viory
it around a
bit use this piece of cover
here oh he's got guide is the
problem gu is
spooky come
on I ain't marching
anywhere what the [__] was that there
[Applause]
all be got it got
it that was a bit of an odd Choice a
[__] I didn't get my last gen
[__] and he's here with guardians oh
that's annoying
yeah I get a gen then I got to
retreat I'm bleeding models oh man I'm
messing
up God damn
it get
away what a lot of wank that guide
is that's so
annoying how annoying
God get out of here
dude F got to get these and
Retreat ah they got
out I got to wipe it though
[Applause]
no yeah yeah come on boys
please need this
yes got it got it got it got it got it
got
[Music]
it
our do it we that Victory boss can't we
have a Tru or least
way okay so he's definitely heading me
in Tech I've made mistakes this
game big time Big mistakes this
game he
doing what the [__] was that
this way
walk way to get just retreated out that
was a bit weird all right these are
going to go back to base and
heal um he's going to have a vehicle
coming up I've got to go for my usual
truck Buster sort of thing beamies can
definitely work better against rear
fla actually we can go for that I think
the boys need themselves aob they do get
new units ready boss I think a truck is
always good to get whether I go for
Busters or looters doesn't really
matter in the storm boys yeah up the
front I want you to rotate
across yeah let's see what we get
here let's contend with a lot of
requisition down the drain
points you don't won that fight
brother my straight for them
man it's
interesting we lost that [__] knob
straight away
what is that all
about get out of
there get
in why aren't they in
[__] hell
man get in the [__] tr
CL oh my
goodness's got 200 points left all right
we'll deposit some Shooters over here so
the good thing is they've not got a
sorry [__] hell I don't need AV I
mean
way who wants a hand when you out
[Music]
right just a green smear now boss Russ
all right boss
Sweden oh a
falcon boy to liing
in Over
Here Boy ready for
tanks on that yeah let's just let them
heal you can all [__] heal to be
honest look at the blade man constantly
bleeding that's all you do as an arc you
bleed bleed bleed bleed bleed bleed
bleed bleed
bleed yeah coming
you
seriously spend all day
bleeding need both of our Shooters
together you come on you KS
roll rolling
now
oh n
justat that's the way the boys need
themselves and they do good
don't come
on come on
here whoops
I can watch you do it looting the offing
boys let's get
it let's go
the
bleed is
immense I can't buy
anything and it really [__] sucks
sucks
sucks us on
on we
take I've got him
right over staying our welcome
now let's get that
repaired okay I think these guys need to
go home and heal holy
[__] Victory point maybe we can finally
get spikey armor for a bit more
durability now you know what
I've got the time I'm going to go TI
three TR
here oh she's using
guide brick Light Me Up give it to him
big where me
S chop him
[Music]
up didn't Retreat he wanted the Garrison
that was very greedy of
him War Boss is
level deos Glory
seriously come
on on your Gat we can take
it go go go
oh my
goodness El but
just the all boy ready
for oh
wow whatever [__] hell my micro's
falling apart here
boys can't take
up
from
Victory we
Victory pain
F I'm in locked and loaded going to walk
as you Sluggers get out of the
base [__] sake what are you
doing oh he's going for double wow
okay me S come on we that Victory
Point what
oh my
God
good
way just here great
idea over
there ready
so we got the L tank on rout it's good
we can kill that fast here oh we win
anyway couldn't C fast enough sweet yeah
I think we've got it I think we've got
it lot of mistakes again uh lost the war
boss right at the start of the game
unnecessary and I forgot to build Jens
so I slowed down my tech we had the
looted Tank come in and then you just
Spam
Commandos if they had a bunch of RA fls
I could go knobs TI down the ra Lords
were knobs you might go a knob first if
they had like two ra Lords did a heavy
tier too knobs are quite good cuz
they're heavy infantry which resists the
pacing damage of the spiders and they'll
drag down R fls I think usually the r
fl's better than the Falcon but damos
used it quite well it lasted a very long
time he struggled with repair support
though because he only had one Guardian
I did Kill the second shuriken in tier 2
which was a misplay on his behalf and
I'm not sure his
fcia was
amazing in terms of the work she put in
in
fact she only had Fortune so that makes
sense just generic tanky melee armor for
her she did kill my truck with a spear
in the end when my micro messed up in
that big engagement but yeah I think I
think that went quite well overall
yeah we were just
discussing how early game Orcs is like
what Eldar really should be you've just
got a rat you've got to run away from
the enemy avoid fighting them as much as
you
can get cuz you're just going to bleed
your boys without upgrades ah
[__] just got to keep it real with you
guys so anyway we're going to be
fighting Oro malas
here we got storm boys against
the we don't go painboy even though I'd
love to because he's the best at dealing
with melee
essentially me but you get into a lot of
problems to be
honest just don't know yet when you try
and use a pain Bo just because the
energy you never have
energy cuz the strike Squad can drain it
if he doesn't go for a strike Squad then
you're all right but
usually they do so that's something you
can look for if they go for like I spam
then you could could go for a pain buy
if you
want we add
the this way
here oh we got the retreat
nice got that no way over there right
loot into your
let see what he's got then Mr
P all right we got a strike Squad so we
will go for the pain boy stop stop stop
st is Right we've got a Garrison here we
can
take now we can rest it around
what's he
doing on me way to get
it come on you
dits just on me
way
that de to stop me
shter yeah
take for
idea it's not over St I welcome too
much get out what's
that just running around
capping fa
enough
out so he
could sping now could get interceptors
as well after this we'll have to see up
what he wants to go
with that's the
way like to rotate these guys around a
little
bit I am absolutely out of my mind I
literally
said don't go the pain boy against
[__] h
whatever don't go the P by against
strike Squad and I went the [__] pain
booy am I out of my
mind guess I
am
shot come show
anywhere that's
ridiculous yeah I don't know why I went
P by was stupid decision
but I also don't know why he's brawling
with me in
melee
yeah
here wants to be angry
no
model just wanted a nice little
model I you do it let's go get we that
Victory pointy
boss get back can't we have a
truck we'll get the post way get I think
this
is right
let's go
Ming yeah man I don't know I I guess I'm
tired or something I think I need to
call it quits there because I'm not
thinking straight you don't go For The
Pain by versus
strikes you do not get him it's
pointless going to drain his
energy sucks let's go way voice is done
go this way get it
Rush get work did you go over there I'll
get you plan got me
Su get
it go this way wait what are you
say this
way
nice get a g b here
don't know where the perks are so I'm
going to keep
the W boss down
there BOS can deal with any perks that
turn up oh they're over here anyway
that's fine then
need and not
man I am so far behind in
Tech
god wow this is so brainless like they
didn't they really didn't do
anything like he didn't even play this
well what the [__]
man wow this is so
dumb this is the problem with W boss
Razer backs are just absurd against you
and there is not really much of a
counter and it really sucks to be
honest well at least we've got a slugger
knob that will help
um got some healing to do
nice just trying to reinforce bro that
was
stupid that was very silly
PS very silly of
you who wants a hand when you can have a
claw
wow I got too
close
us come on that the best you can
do
over ready
right here oh he's got another of course
he
does of course he
does on way to get
it reloading
moving okay let's get the weird
[Music]
B no no no we can't we can't cap they're
going to bleed us way too much if we try
and cap
let
go
me GS re
kill us in the
best keep cocking
good job you
[Applause]
what this what pack you this is not no
stop doing this this is silly all these
brother Captain was doing all game was
side capping and it's like why if you
want a side Capper use the adver
assassin literally anything other than
the BC even the Demon Hunter now as a
Balter he could be doing things from the
side he could occasionally stop while
he's miles away and use Rift ha and
snare me and that'd be
good strange but
[Music]
GG so we'll see um let's think look so
the thing is
P always does the same build and it's I
could hard counter the build by just
going for pain booy right he never gets
havocs so if I go spiky armor and I get
pain by it's easy but I don't want to do
that because I'm not here just to claim
clout and say I beat packs all day you
know whatever who cares it's only packs
chill out there I want to actually get
better at the game so I'm going to go
for a build that has higher utility I'm
going to get looters now my typical
build would be looter stor boys I think
that scales very
well but on a map like this that's
bigger I might not get
looters might not get looters we'll see
I'm thinking maybe don't get looters on
a big map like
this but I'm not I'm not I'm not sure
not
convinced so he's just going to pressure
the shooters try and bleed them a
bit I'm not getting a lot of damage here
from my boss but it's fine oh I didn't
micro that that was good I forgot which
hot key these guys were on so that was
that was not very
good and he is uh bleeding my boys so
that's the thing y there you go two Dead
Boys how you
[Music]
do all right well they can go
then but that's all right
cuz we forced off the CL and now he has
to run away so I'm actually quite happy
with that to be
honest and I'll just take this point
while I'm here how
convenient ah yes he loves his fast AC
doesn't he SE as our little pack
scalibur so we'll shoot those ticks over
there and we'll rotate the boss back
and you can go down there actually in
fact we can send everything up this way
it's
fine get a bit closer leave them a bit
maybe
[Music]
nice no Havoc cuz he doesn't build
them the little weirdo that he is
now I believe stor boys consistently
be this surrender AC tick so we'll find
out we'll send the storb down the left
to try and contest that we'll get the
cap here and move back and we'll get the
Decap and then we'll rotate here with
double big Shooters no we W I don't have
any gens [__] where me
gens
gens so we'll have to pull further back
oh he's got
comi we don't want that heat
that's some strong heat right there from
Combi I don't know where his uh his AC
ticks
are been a bit of a runner it
seems oh they're over here that's fine
oh well he didn't micro it so we're all
good all good boys all
good that is probably the game right
there that is probably the [__] game
right
there seriously it's just like
that cuz now we're going to get big bash
and because we had such a good
engagement I'm even going to get the
shooting knob which I don't normally get
cuz I think he's kind of [__] I'm going
to jump you up here get on there and
then we're going to move
up I'm going to force this fell
off nah not that easy packs come on now
come on how bad you the G me come on S
yourself out
L who does he think I am I am STD I
don't fall for that [__]
[Music]
dude what are you doing I'm an off you
don't fight me in
melee get out of
here a m l
little bit late there
Terminator a bit bit old that
Terminator struggles to uh react in time
these
days you know it can happen with
age all right we'll back out now I think
we've we've done our
damage Happy Days rotate go
there I mean I can just sort of hide the
boss around the corner here go over here
oh yeah we can we can fight you I'll
grab no won't grab this I need to
actually Tech yeah cuz he's going to
have a blood Crusher in a minute oh I
was messing around [__] talking him so
much I forgot my third gen that's why
I'm not teching
yet that's good well done
[Music]
all right we will Evacuate the
area so I've got my little globals ready
so I can take these guys with my
Sluggers if I need
to just dip from there we don't want to
One V
one we are only arcs you know what I
mean we not [__] we're not a bunch of
knobs
[Music]
much
hello another the
C feel satisfaction the stor boys beat
the
ticks and then
de it is go for another
[Music]
bash then doing some good damage there
that started they're too busy capping so
we'll win that we're don't to waste the
global as long as they don't like summon
blood thats or some crazy [__] like that
have they got him no he doesn't even
have the the gens on the other one oh
[Music]
GG oh yeah true it's PX he doesn't get
blood Crusher I forgot yeah so that's
why it GG cuz he doesn't have the blood
Crusher on his roster it's n say you
dread and it was too far off
[Music]
classic yeah so we'll get looters on a
map like
[Music]
this I mean what what's wrong with it
why why why would it not be a tournament
map I don't get it it seems Seems all
right to
me who's got a problem with the
[Music]
map you got to blob like crazy in the
other game as a it's kind of mad
so I'm hoping it's a heretic down there
in fact you know what [__] it let's just
go for his
farm it is packs after
[Music]
all and what I say what I mean by it is
packs he likes to do the fast de right
on fre units so going up the farm can be
quite strong
[Music]
all right so we got the chos sword
coming down it's
fine yep
[Music]
get back in your hole you
get no just TR
oops I love
workout can I suppress in time this is
the rock give it to me baby I
love Radio Rock Channel Al sounds marled
all time classic
W Make some noise I love Radio
Rock C streaming app for charts dance
hip hop
throwback radio invite to the nonstop
music channel I love
music nonstop beats for end's and energy
boost here's I love workout
[Music]
nice for The Bash
again
anywhere the
getting shooting knobs this is weird
used to
this split up to counter the grenade
launches a bit
better I two of them is a bit
[Music]
much oh
bollocks
Yik got there annoying
[Music]
this
way good idea
[Music]
all right that's enough [__] around
now now we can
[Music]
Tech I'm actually going to fully
reinforce these cuz they're very low on
HP
[Music]
in the evening I'm in my feelings call
your phone cuz I can't get
enough and I got work in the morning
[Music]
ear my body wants to be in arms
baby something I reget in the
[Music]
morning P you can't engage that mate
got but I be
youright but I be
God man my Sluggers just lead like
[Music]
crazy what set up
come
[Music]
on
crazy thinking about the
way the Heart Break change
me look at
I don't show up don't
come don't
help
me
[Music]
don't you
need me
poo bro get the [__] out of here
[Music]
Rance whoops
n you don't want this
packs I'm going to
say don't think you want that bro
[Music]
this is I love I love workout
why did I do
that coming
[Music]
always
leading
[Music]
him what you
meop
[Music]
always
been always
[Music]
need more units to
C I don't like
no me
down on baby on
[Music]
baby baby
got them down there as
well yeah it's tough that that seed
dread is so good against
Orcs as usual one source of a Is Not
Great the wust does something but I
think he forgot
that when you use cybor you can't be
knocked over by paing
so that's not the right way [__]
hell what are we doing oh aalas
yeah Michael just proed a metronome in
Pokemon sleep 27 New ingredients all
right I'll have a bit of that
[Music]
I need to get this twitch CH up there we
go
[Music]
okay
hello it's a Demon
Hunter where's the demons you get we
Orcs not demons why is that a Demon
Hunter
these yies are a bit
thick this thinks we're demons I guess
we are not
scary all right all right yeah hard
counting my my hero [__] hell man
it's tiring when they just hard counting
your hero you know what I
mean yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
I've been gone too
long and I'm hoping that you sing
[Music]
my we boys we stuck down at the bottom
near the boot it's kind of like a boot
it
[Music]
what's the point of that
like I don't
stop messing around you paing oh for
God's
sake I
say it's hard
work these boys are very silly that's
all I can
say got a bunch of silly boys
[Music]
oh my God Shooters stop [__] around
Jesus bloody hell that DPS
man [__] hell man what is
[Music]
that God did guys did I even mention I
hear
Orcs like what the
[__] seriously
[Music]
what now he's got
interceptors what is going on here I
love how that just messed me up
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yeah that's
fun oh
nice yeah nice God Malia a
dumb I love
workout good a break
[Music]
and anista what are you doing I didn't
say to attack that what they're not
reacting [__]
hell non
be
honestly why are they not in cover
[Music]
hello honestly
you notice how much I rage when I play
[__]
ORS cuz they are
[__] trash faction
[Music]
dude butter garbage
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah even their [__] jump units beat
me and [__] ranged holy [__]
[Applause]
[Music]
dude go away
do look at this look at that damage oh
my sweet pepper
sticks what is going
on balance where is the
balance please tell me where is it where
is the balance
[Music]
oh can't deal with it
guys can't deal with it
[Music]
oh great I can't even finish this
C oh [__]
[Music]
me honestly
look at the damage man spiky armor what
the [__] is this tanky hero armor kit
apparently he is
useless [__] lose half me heal when
I've got my tanky hero armor instantly
what is
that what a [__] joke man
oh no wonder people don't play with om
this faction is
deleting what absolute [__] of a
[Music]
faction absolute cun of
faction [__]
dreadn [__] you
[Music]
classic Orcs all my units are average
speed [__] speed five they all get
bled instantly by range damage I have no
[__] AV so then he gets a dreadn in t
two and I can't kill it cuz I'm orc so I
have no AV it's just a
[Music]
pis yes let let deos join and let him
play as some War Boss against my demon
on Earth yes let's do that that sounds
like a great time that sounds really fun
can't wait for this
[Music]
sounds like
Joy so in before there's map
[Music]
complaints [__] AO malas oh and you
know what the best bit is let's say I
somehow got to tier two first right just
imagine I got to tier two first I can
get a war truck or maybe even a death
dread right do you know what they can do
they can get the vindicate assassin who
kills my vehicle because he's mainly an
AV unit and then he swaps to Exodus
rounds and kills my infantry as well
great great so they've just got to get
out of jail for free card why I'm not
sure but that's what they
have that's what they have cuz they're
the AO malas you don't [__] with them
doesn't matter if you're not a demon
whether you're an arc a tyranid a
heretic you will be [__] up by the
auto
[Music]
malas yeah you can't go Mech that's
cheating cuz if you go to Mech then yeah
you can dominate the IST that's why I
said at the start cry was hard counting
the fact that he knows I'm War Boss cuz
obviously you can bleed these IST some
moreat if you have Commander KN or Mech
boy the wos obviously can't you can't
catch them
but the war boss coun as strikes better
which is why you don't go strikes if you
know that your opponent is playing as
the War
[Music]
Boss uh I don't want
call thank you kindly appreciate the
Gest you though
you to
[Music]
be open
MO Dey
[Music]
plat
en I
[Music]
love deploying supp
installation support installation
deployed
[Music]
that's
been suppressed that's
weird did he go double loot
points our Warriors have been
[Music]
[Applause]
reinforc one of our generators is under
attack
so shall it
be he does have double loers what not to
sparker
[Music]
does this do proximity base damage I'm
guessing guessing it
does plasma generator deployed and
operation the
flow that was balanced
I my
[Music]
for the Ordo
malus deploying support installation
[Music]
what I
said in
[Music]
to they're
moving moving
[Music]
go we are sustaining loses to
action
no unlocking higher level Pro
[Music]
Victory Is Ours
balance because we're not countering so
you go to Sluggers because you're not
countering the Demon Hunter this is the
problem you want two Sluggers versus the
EA or the
BC but against the Demon Hunter you
don't
so it's really
awkward on the
contrary if the enemy is going
for double shooters looter then you want
strike Squad don't you then you don't
even need to go interceptors you could
go operatives and strike Squad with a
Demon Hunter with the um armor of
fortitude but you you're sort of you're
metagaming the enemy's
[Music]
hero well we can try not noral match up
if you
want okay let's do normal build
um we'll go desert
again and do normal build
[Music]
well actually no if I know he's the war
boss I'm still going to go IST I don't I
don't need strike Squad why do I need
strike
Squad still going to go
[Music]
IST I just might not go
for I don't know I don't know what the
[__] I'm talking
about I think triple is better than
strikes against ARS anyway
[Music]
dude my shift is not
working change CL
[Music]
why is he sending slers down the mid
that's kind of
[Music]
weird support installation
deployed deploy
[Music]
plator man it would really help if I was
actually going to C get
[Music]
[Applause]
Mo I don't know what this is right
now go
[Applause]
[Music]
now the enemies of man treble before our
advance but you just bleed bro like you
know what I
mean I know you want my you see that you
see I know I got a good
yes I do you see this
man is
not and reason I
[Music]
that was a nice little uh first of
damage
[Music]
there know what I'm
talking to say please tell me that
[__]
Captain I don't play around withs
like because I feel like this what m is
what's yours is yours you see I don't
want nothing that's yours I don't want
nothing that looks at you you see I know
I got
my
know I
[Music]
got plma generator deployed and
operation
let me tell
you our enemies are sh push before they
recover you see when you
[Applause]
got not today
[Music]
the enemy is Ines on
ouring one of our strategic
points deploying support
installation you know what I'm talking
[Music]
about you know where I'm coming from let
me tell you
something let me tell you something
I don't play around with girls like that
installation
deployed because I feel like this what's
mine is mine what's yours is yours you
see I don't want nothing that's yours I
don't
see got
[Music]
desperation calls for
you around
[Music]
like you know what I'm
talking you know I'm
me absolutely diabolical
unlocking higher level
protocols exploit disant onward I mean
to be fair the shooters have done as
little as the
[__] anything else could do
[Music]
moving
now I love that even interceptors are
good enranged
Let It
Die can't be touched by no one
warri
attack s little BR I can just shoot you
out don't worry about
it we start bro
man this is hard
this know it
for and you
[Music]
been oh wow I didn't lose a single model
and I even get free anti-
Garrison Isn't it nice
points
remaining at the bottom of
the where the time is
fren shall it where all the univers is
open love isn't random we are
chosen and we could
C
[Music]
your look at those xenos run we playing
as Z those zenos oh [__] no we're not
are we [__] oh
what I love work out see you good to
break SE are NeverEnding playlist Taylor
and Harry only I love Taylor and
Harry har team har team Tor teamer see
the nice thing is I've got about 6
million repairs as well it's quite funny
really the and
Har of enem obviously we don't want to
turn around and fight
yet now we
can nonstop beats for end's and energy
boost here I love workout
so
shall Hunter look at all the
repairs gosh that was
[Music]
hard as I say if you knew that if you if
I was make boy or Commando this wouldn't
be quite so bad but so that's why I'm
like tempted to go for the custom
shooter do you think it's worth the
custom shooter
guys try and bleed these guys well he
might not even be demon hun
if he gets BC and he puts investment on
it it might be worth it but yeah we're
just going to try double Shooters we're
on a very big map here so that can
definitely affect how this plays as
well ah Sluggers are just so useless
early on is the problem whatever they go
solo I'm going to have a bad
time okay so I guess he's BC you see I
feel like versus BC I'd rather not have
this build I'd rather double Sluggers
versus BC honestly
and bang bang hammer and just beat him
up in melee but we'll give it a go I
could go double shootter double sluger
looter could be all
[Music]
right yeah I'd like the boss pole double
shooter upgrades if it was a smaller map
I feel like with the size of the map it
might be a bit tricky
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm going to
try I'm going to try double shoot a
double
[Music]
sler okay that's his big boy that's his
chunka I see your
chunka what we got we got some IST over
here
got more boys on
Route there is we are the
hammer bitting me into the strike so we
got to retreat that's fine we'll get a
model over here but then we we just
leave oh didn't get a model all right
cool it's fine we stopped him capping
I'm happy with that
one more
gen then we get a lot of
upgrades really don't want to lead with
[Music]
Sluggers
strikes is he got double strikes
no no no no he hasn't all fine
[Music]
[Applause]
now we don't need to get that yet
[Music]
engagement I pushed too deep that was
greedy have done that
[Music]
right let's get a bit of Health
you're crazy bro
the
the and this is when we
win yeah look at that bang bang oh the
bang
bang bang bang so [__] strong
[Music]
guys o o o o
yeah get back in your base
lab let's just check he hasn't got
anything over in the
side we can still win another fight
[Music]
why does he have a Raz back how much
power did I spend in day one
guys did I go a bit crazy I guess I went
a bit
mad I just spent did I just do an
accidental 200 power TI one
[Music]
whoops yeah I guess the shooting up
wasn't very necessary well I guess it's
all right
oh
[__] now if he gets
[Music]
there well you know classic Razer back
counters the entire Rock faction so
let's see how we we do from
[Music]
here it's all right we got the whole map
we bashed him he's lost all these gens
we're not far off tier two we'll be
fine
[Music]
go yeah run away you little
[__] oh he's not even caught it yet hey
he doesn't even
have
away yes Chas
me to
the problem is I have no uh
scaling I love
music discard
music oh my God they know they killed
them in r
dance mind BL I
see
radi God this is not exciting fory boost
all right I tell you what let's not for
the reinforce them [__] cuz they
ain't doing [__] right
now God he's losing so much health in
Retreat I thought I was I was the
entire
retreating all right fine
[Music]
we how about we don't lead with that
down
[Music]
yay we killed
it
[Music]
unbelievable that keeps us in the
game oh no there pation behind that
[Music]
cannot deal with
pession to be a long long time now bring
me
to I am
[Music]
what's he doing you don't want to go to
mellia with them there God you're
mad okay well that was a clear Miss
micro on his
be let's get some more power up well
good thing is we're ARS so we don't
really need a lot of
power you know it's nice
but can you
do oh he's got another one what cost do
yeah why would he
[Music]
not oh god I've got too many units I
don't know where they are
[__]
sake confusing all my hot Keys God damn
GRS GRS get out of
[Music]
there fck
you me to kill me white again
[Music]
look at that man is that all about I
thought it got its range
[Music]
nerfed don't tell me he's got two or
you'll make me cry
[Music]
oh my god
dude [__] counters my entire
faction
God look how many units I have and I
still can't kill one [__] razor
[Music]
back I mean you
know shoot
I'm
[__] wank man this damn
thing oh
wow yeah
sure s BS
[Music]
[Applause]
I can see the whole cityon back in
2019 I
[Music]
don't it's got no scaling a though I say
no oh now he
does he does have scaling a what am I
talking about course he does
we
you used to call me on
my
dude I [__] hate razor backs man
what a pile of
wank what a [__] annoying piece of
[__] this is to
fight like I just what do you want me to
do dude what do you want me to
do
honestly [__]
on
why is it not taking damage man are we
like are we going crazy right
now will you [__]
shoot God God
man I'm sorry sorry
[Music]
in the
dark my
[Music]
what's that
oh
man forgot they were
there MS
[Music]
so we need
that that much for
sure oh we lost the Slugger too oh [__]
me
how God dang it
man oh if I realized that i' would have
gone
knobs [__]
[Music]
sake man I do not have fun playing this
faction
whatsoever [__] [__] smashing your
head against the wall repeatedly that's
what playing this faction feels like
it's just not pleasant at
[Music]
all I am I'm in a deep
struggle a deep struggle
boys look how hard it is for me to micro
all
this what's he microing [__] all and he
beats my tier three units in in melee
fantastic love that absolutely love that
I lost mother of the
[Music]
Slugger now I've got no
repairs
great love that
why did I go [__] flash
Gates a [__] my
[Music]
life guys I hate Orcs so so
much they are so [__] well I need to
stop saying that it's War Boss War Boss
is so
[Music]
[__] it no he beat my red unit with is
[__] T dude not a melee unit and
IST
is India Sierra
Dango beat my [__] flash kits they're
knobs okay they've got but they're
[__] knobs why are stupid little
inquisitorial Stormtroopers which are
humans don't make me start the law
argument why are they beating my knobs
in
[Music]
melee hold on hold on [__]
that [__] that
[__] hold on I got to start this
[__] record over again wait a
minute F
sh hey I want y'all to know something
what this is star child I got my
father's name still on this
[__]
record I'mma play this [__] for
y'all hey y'all get some more drinks
going on I sound a whole lot
[Music]
better hold on what I got to start this
[__] [__] wreck it over again
wait a minute
Fu hi my name is what my name is my name
is yeah one AV unit in Aur is not enough
to kill a Razer back but news flash I'm
the only [__] faction right now which
only can field one AV because another
piece of Av takes up so much requisition
and I just bleed all the way through
tier one tier 2 T3 bleed bleed bleed
that's all I can do what do you want a
little bit of supplemental little bit of
weird by how much requisition is that oh
it's only 40 power that's cheap really
good anti all oh wait it's 400
requisition and I can't afford it what
do I want looters great they're immobile
we're on ashes a Typhon Redux I'm not
going to be able to do anything with
them have I got AV on my hero I do a
Power claw so you don't go for a
dreadnut or a walker you get a razor
back and I can't kill it B
n
[Music]